Late Joiners - Group Catchup #1


2018-06-13  1000 UTC


Present: 
Luke Warren
Tyrone Cook
Blair Fraser
Matt Greig


Meetup Tech:
Slack
Google Hangout


Introductions:
Members of the group introduced themselves, it was great to be able to put faces to names. We briefly described our backgrounds and experience levels.


We’re still waiting to see if a final group member will be assigned by Russel.


Still waiting for communications from our mentor.


MG to share lead responsibilities with Luke; step in in his potential absence (due to -8hr time difference in SA) when meeting with mentor/group.


CPT111 Group Assignment


The group agreed upon the proposal to create a Sports ‘Tips’ Web Application which we will submit for approval.


It was agreed that it would be best to try and develop the application to be as abstract from the data as possible. The purposes of this are twofold:
1. Will allow us to develop and test with static data to ensure our code is functional without needing to debug potentially corrupt API’s.
2. Will allow us to embed a variety of sports data, not exclusively the World Cup, which will have concluded before the final delivery of the assignment, possibly corrupting the functionality of our finished app.


Luke briefed us on the advantages of a MEAN stack. It was agreed that we will employ this stack for our application.


We agreed to use a repository hosted on github to collaborate on the documentation for A1. It was felt this would be a good opportunity for those team members with limited git (or VCS) experience to gain valuable exposure to cloning/branching/committing/pulling/pushing which will be used more heavily throughout further development.


Matt G. to start adding dot points to A1 structure which can then be fleshed out by team members in a pseudo-kanban approach.


All group members felt comfortable with meeting the objectives required for A1 due 24/6.


Will aim to meet by hangout again in at most, one weeks time.


Meeting concluded at 1100 UTC